DOCSP-31603 Document Filtering (#319)
mongodb/docs-cluster-to-cluster-sync: source/includes/document-filtering-intro.rst

> Starting in ``mongosync-beta`` 1.8, you can filter documents to migrate 

Reviewer: Nit: I find this first sentence is a bit confusing, what do you think about something like:

```
Starting in ``mongosync-beta`` 1.8, you can selectively migrate documents based on specific conditions.
```

Author: I can adjust the copy to something similar to this! Might just make some tweaks to align with our docs style guide.

only a subset of documents that match the specified condition(s) to your 

> destination cluster. To further limit which documents can migrate to the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
destination cluster. To further limit which documents are migrated to the 
```
